Use/specs: A "commuter" to handle ~400 miles per week, consistent 5%-8% mountain grades transitioning between 6000' to 9200' elevation daily on everything from asphalt freeways to washboard/rutted high-country roads, AWD for heavy winter snows and recreational pursuits in the Rockies, acceptable MPG, reasonable build quality / warranty to survive for ~3yrs, pre-owned, low miles and inexpensive price-point. Other than the "twin" Tucson, nothing compares (for me anyway). Is it my "ideal" vehicle choice for these needs? No, but for the above this is/was an excellent buy. Highly recommended if you have similar needs.
50/50 locking center diff, V6, ground clearance w/skid-plates (no ?low- hanging junk?), Tract Cntl, Discs/ABS, Shiftable Auto, Macpherson Strut Fr, Multi-Link Rr, fit-n-finish top-notch, Sport pkg, Airbags, Roof Rack, Lift- gate and cargo utility/capacity, exhaustive ?standard features? list, Silver.
Quality, performance, and features for base model right up there with other manufacturer's such as Toyota, Hyundai, Ford, Honda, etc. in my experience. Reliability has been great! Have put 12,000 miles on in 7 mos. Dealer has been a pleasure to work with as has service dept. Avg gas mileage is 25, mostly hwy! Roomy and comfy, even back seat. And large dog fits in cargo space. Curious about handling in snow yet? Price can't be beat and dealer practically gave away the extended warranty as well, which, by the way, beats the competitions warranties by miles, literally and figuratively! Love my 2008 Sportage so much I just bought a new 2009 last weekend to go with it! This time it is a 4WD.
Price. Quality. Service. Warranty. Performance. Automatic 4-matic shifting. Space, roominess. Comfort. Color...volcanic red.
I purchased my 2008 KIA Sportage EX just over 2 months ago. My vehicle was sitting in the parking lot at work against a wall with the window down and sunroof open I ran down 2 blocks to get lunch parked back against the wall and left 2 hrs later. When I returned to my vehicle my front windshield was broken not just a small crack. I contacted the dealership took the car in and was told they would replace under warranty. I had to go out of town so I made arrangements to call them when I returned, upon my return I was told they had changed their mind and I would have to pay for the windshield to be replaced.I had it checked by a glass company and it is a pressure break not damage from impact.
Roomy
I drove Honda-CRV and Toyota-RAV4. But I choose Kia-Sportage this time because of my budget which is $5,000 cheaper. I am not sure the durability of this car compared with the above Japanese cars. However,My Sportage has been better than CRV or RAV4. Sportage seems stronger and much more comfortable than CRV, and much less noisy than RAV4. I love my sportage so far.
strong & planty of back space to load stuffs. Very comfortable during long distance trips and low noise. 
I purchased my Kia in 02/09. I was 9 months pregnant and was having a VERY hard time getting the infant car seat in and out of the back seat of my 04 honda ex coupe, so I was just looking around for a 4door vehicle at least. Well, there was an ad for brand new kias for 12,900. I had looked at the crv's but even used were way out of my budget. I test drove the KIA and told them what I could afford. I love my Kia. It is SO roomy. With having a new baby I have lots of stuff. My only complaints were not having a keyless entry being standard and sometimes large hills give my 4cyl a run for it's money. LOL. I really love it, it's a alot of car for a low price and an awesome warranty!
Lots of Room Drives well Alloy wheels Windows tinted 
Update from my first review- Have had vehicle for 10 months now and STILL love it! Car developed loud squeak, but dealership fixed it, no charge, took care of me like a queen! Said part was tightened too much from factory. Absolutely LOVE this KIA and I'm so glad I bought it. Gets decent gas mileage, and we have so much fun seeing how much we can fit in it. The longer I have it, the more features I discover. I love how the back hatch closes smoothly with hydraulics- I don't have to slam it shut. Very solid built car- ALL doors close nicely. It drove fantastic this winter- the wheel actually corrected itself on the ice! I felt very safe in the snow. 
SO MUCH ROOM; CD player; soft ride for an SUV; very quiet ride; great looking; I love everything about this vehicle!! Kudos to my dealership too- they took care of the squeak with no questions asked; went over and above to take care of everything! KIA really cares about their customers. 
I own a 2008 Kia Sportage EX which my daughter got into an accident with. The front end had damage and the engine needed to be replaced because the liguids were drained from the vehicle after the accident and the engine got ruined. Kia replaced the engine and the engine light kept coming on. After returning the vehicle again they have now replaced it with its 3rd engine and there is still the same low compression in the #2 cylinder. Kia cannot figure out what is wrong with these engines, so they have sent a Kia representative to the dealership to try to find out. I believe Kia is supplying faulty engines for replacement. How can the same thing be happening to this car for the 3rd time? 
Plenty of leg room and its comfortable to drive.
Have had Kia Sportage 2 months. Have tried competitors and $ for $ cant beat value. Have an Amanti (2nd one) and as for value/comfort for $$ compares to the best of them. Not small guy was going to get Cadillac but not enough difference to make the addl $$ worth it.
Style and interior cabin room
My sportage was a leftover 2008 and i bought it feb 2009 i was very happy with the warranty and the rebate of 4000 .i will never go back to gm after owning a kia.it handles good on the road ,and in the snow and ice.only complaint i have is that the front seats need to have arm rest.
favorite features are the sterio,the sport shifter,and the 4 wheel drive.also the price 
My sportage was a leftover 2008 and i bought it feb 2009 i was very happy with the warranty and the rebate of 4000 .i will never go back to gm after owning a kia.it handles good on the road ,and in the snow and ice.only complaint i have is that the front seats need to have arm rest.
Suggested Improvements
I wanted a midsize SUV after always having sedans, but wanted something good on gas, and a good warranty. I am SO HAPPY with this car! We can't believe how much we can fit in it, and will never have to ask friends to pick up large items for us that we can't fit in our car. My husband who drives a Cougar, says he doesn't like sitting up so high, but I can see better over snowpiles. Yet anytime we both go anywhere, he wants to drive my KIA! I must say, I am really impressed with this vehicle. I average about 19-20mpg city, 23-24Hwy. So far, not one problem with anything. I drove a Ford Escape, Jeep Patriot, Saturn Vue; all felt like riding in a truck! My KIA has a nice soft ride.
Fantastic ride, soft like a car; loads of storage; CD player; body style looks great; great warranty and roadside assistance, feel very safe with 6 airbags; very quiet; decent gas mileage; so fun to drive 
This vehicle was 50 percent of the time used in very harsh, snowy, hilly and icy winter conditions of northern canada for the last 15 months. It performed mainly at low speed, backcountry road and also some highway conditions max speed 90 km/hour. Fuel consumption was normal under those conditions and was 12,63 litres/ km. Engine starts easily even under - 30 degrees celtius. Overall performance was more than more acceptable. Overall quality and handling was excellent. The engine performance improve sharply and significanly after 5000 miles. Breaks, ABS and ECS systems are excellent. Car suspension is optimum and bumps are absorbed easily. 
Radio is excellent, ABA, brake, ECS, Small turn radius, handling, suspension, driving visibility rear, side and back.
The Sportage offers a great deal for the right price. Purchased through the "Same as Kia employee program" offered by the dealership. Sticker at 22100 and paid 16400. The truck rides very well for a SUV. The braking is excellant and the steering is very responsive. Noise is limited, but rear tire noise from buzzing down the road could be annoying at times. The heat and air con work very well, has a airflow filter and the fan has great airflow if desired. I don't think the seats would be very comfortable on long trips. The back seats especially. The seats seem very stiff but are ok on the back. The warranty is unsurpassed. See if your Ford or honda offer that! Needs higher center armrest.
Anti-lock brakes, Stability control,Traction control, Warranty,Safety rating,The detail in design and craftmanship inside and out. Look closely at the design of other suvs and compare. Doesn't have the muffler on display like a hood ornament like other models. Best is that isn't anything like a FORD
As i was trying to find a better off or on-road veh to own this early 2009, i end up looking at the 2008 Sportage model. A lot of disappointing feedbacks causing me to wonder how true these feedbacks really was. i drove two brand new units in the past from toyota and Volks. But i made a test on this one. God It's understated 1000x!! The 5 speed manual can climb any dune and boost 195kph in few seconds... who tells its a slow starter? Only at 200+ plus a buzzing sound seems noticeable. braking is great too. In cornering u must slow- down. Space is too good for my field projects with many small equipment and computers. Very dependable. Cute everyone love its curves. Im just too happy for it.
Milleage? it ran 450 km using less 1/3 full-tank (riyadh to Dam.) Tell me is there any car better milg than that costing me 18SAR /5US$? Speed at 195 is unbelievably smooth. i will challenge any one to ride with me. Now at 1700 i spent 32SAR with perfect comfort.sori cant accept neg comment bout mlg
Don't buy one at all! I have asthma, and the airflow system is so bad, that every time I pass a vehicle with a bad exhaust system, all that polluted air comes into my vehicle, and I get an attack. Whenever it rains or there is an ice-storm, the elements pile up inside the rim of the door jamb, and this increases the possibility of the vehicle rusting. It is a spacious vehicle, but I would never recommend anyone buy this model. The ABS system is horrible. Don't even think about braking! It was my first experience with such a system, and I had to go to the dealership about 3 times, before I realized that this is what I have to deal with until I sell this vehicle. 
Spacious inside; stereo system is great (if you're not looking for a boom-box). The TPMS lets you know when your tires need air (especially during the winter time).
My past 4 SUVs have been Jeeps. After my last experience, I decided to look elsewhere. I was about to purchase a Honda CR-V and decided to look at the Kia first. I loved the car so much, that I purchased it that night. The Kia Sportage was $7000 less than the CR-V and the 10 year/100,000 mile bumper to bumper $0 deductible warranty sealed the deal.
My Kia goes great in the snow. The exterior design is sporty and the interior is comfortable with a lot of leg room. I love it!
Bought new at end of Dec 2008. First brand new car. This car is great, interior room, style, gas is good. Gets about 25 mpg. Not having the problems some are having. Guess they got the defective models. This is the most comfortable vehicle I have driven. I am very pleased with my car. No major complaints
Rear wipers, heat and air controls (really blows), interior room, curve handling, styling (cute SUV). I love it all!
I really liked this SUV so much that I bought another one in September for my wife. MISTAKE!!
Handling, driving, turning radius.
I like my 2008 Kia Sportage but I am wondering if it built to withstand the extreme cold of northern Canadian climate. In under a year, it has been to the one and only Kia dealership in the Yukon to have the power steering hose repaired twice. Both times it let me down in the cold... to deal with two small children, no vehicle to travel 100 kms home and to arrange transportation and towing. Local dealer said to back into parking spots! And, to warm it up really good. It is at the dealership to be repaired again. Is this a design problem? I believe with this problem and in these temperatures it is not reliable! I wish I would have bought a FORD!
Comfort, leg room, lots of room in the rear for passengers.
My clock just turned and I am happy with my new car.I did not want to spend a lot of $ but was in desperate need of a new car and this filled my needs. this being kind of a low end car I did not hold high expectations for the sportage, but I am surprised at how much I like the little suv. sure I have the same complaints as other owners, blind spots, arm rest to low not great millage, but overall I am very happy. Only regret is I should have got the EX. I miss the remote unlock and the ability to plug in iPod the ride has seemed to improve and I think the millage is getting a little better with a little break in. 
Heat and A/C both crank.
Traded a Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo V8 for a 2WD Sportage back in 2005. We already owned a Kia Sedona minivan, and have short commutes, so were not put off by Kia's less than stellar mileage. I use it to carry a load of sailboard equipment on the roof and it drives well under that load. This SUV is reliable and very safe. Unfortunately, it has been in three crashes, but is built like a tank and appears to be very repairable. Not a single issue with either car except Hankook tires, which are just serviceable. I recommend an upgrade to a good truck tire. (We also have a Honda CR-V)
Reliability has been superb. Ride and seats comfortable. Build is solid. Feature-for-feature, comparable with the CRV and Rav4 for a much better price. KIA's current pricing makes it a very good deal. Will very probably buy another KIA. KIA stands behind their warranty.
Piece of junk. I will not buy another KIA. It is in the shop with more repairs being done than I am able to drive it. Heater blows cold air, Shocks and bearings have had to be replaced, ESC sensor goes out on it, Wiper blades stick to the windshield. This is just to name a few of the problems with it.
None
Just purchased my first Kia, I love it! It drives very nicely, quiet cabin and plenty of room for a family of five. I'm not sure about the gas mileage, 155 miles on a half a tank. The ECS OFF light came on the day after buying the car, getting fixed this week. Dealer said the sensor has to be reset. The warranty is great. The car will be paid off before the warranty is gone. After driving a automatic for so long the clutch was easy to relearn.
The whole car!
We just bought our new suv a few days ago and we love it. We test drove the mazda 3, chev malibu and the honda civic but ended up buying an suv. It was less expensive than any of the other vehicles with just as many or more features.
We like the fact it has a 5 star safety rating. It looks great, rides nice, has lots of interior room and is quiet on the highway.
We've had a 2005 Hyundai Elantra that gave us no issues at all, so we looked at the Tucson, but liked the more modern look and feel of the Kia Sportage. Surprised at the tight fit and finish, and the nice interior does not really feel or look cheap. Quiet cabin, great ride and beautiful paint and quality. Lots of room and a very well put together vehicle. Performance is actually OK in the 4-Cyl...I mean this isn't a racer but not what you buy these for anyway. It's more than adequate for ramps and merging and drives great on the highway. 
All the luxuries, like Power Windows and locks, A/C tilt etc make this a great value, but the safety side Air Bags , Anti-Lock Brakes, Electronic Traction Control are the best. 
Like the car but don't like the fact there are no front center arm rests. Would not buy again unless they improve that feature. Like everything else, great car.
Turning radius, luggage compartment, wide doors, plenty of leg room
My daughter went looking for a new car in January. She wanted a small SUV. I talked her into looking at the KIA Sportage, mainly due to price and warranty. She really didn't think she wanted a KIA, but to placate me, she decided to look at the Sportage. She ended up purchasing a 6 cylinder LX and so did I! We both love our Sportages. They get better gas mileage than what is published. They are fun to drive and very comfortable. We are both very happy with our purchases!
Interior room
In 2006, our family purchased our first Sportage. It was Jade Green and I loved it so very much. Due to rising gas prices, we recently went on the lookout for a better commuter vehicle and, while impressed with the looks and mileage of the Kia compacts, we went right back to a new Sportage. This one is silver gray and happily accepted by the whole family. We love the safety it offers, the height, and the roomy interior. I'm sure we will always go to the Kia Sportage as new vehicles are required by our family. My only issue is the ESC Off light came on as we drove it home from the dealership. Will call immediately to have it fixed.
Very comfortable, roomy interior, great value on purchase price, contemporary, stylish exterior, Kia always offers excellent cash back and loyalty incentives
Best all-around and versatile vehicle i have ever owned. This is my third Kia, i already knew they are a great value. Can't wait till winter, this is my first all-wheel drive ride. The sportage is a nicer vehicle than my wife's '05 Mazda Tribute S. The only thing the Mazda has is a few more ponies. Way to go Kia!
Looks, sun roof, awd, fit and finish, smooth and quiet, 3 fold flat seats, storage space, warranty, handling
Great on gas, better than expected handling, and no defects as delivered, a first for me as a buyer.
Air is great, ride impressive equal to 50,000 SUVs driven while shopping. While Options are limited Value is incredible.
Fuel mileage has been better than expected (27 MPG), performance with the 4 cyl a little sluggish, loud engine noise while cruising at freeway speed. Sensor light came on for ESC Off about 4 days after purchasing, finally getting fixed this week. Car feels a little cheaply made, but you get what you pay for. For purposes of getting around town, it's a nice enough vehicle. Would marginally recommend.
Fuel mileage, comfortable seats, stylish look
When shopping for an economy suv, our first choice based on reputation and suitability for our needs was the Toyota Rav-4. But before we sank that kind of money into a vehicle, we thought we would look around at what else was available. First stop, Kia place. Last stop, Kia place. We were very impressed with the ride, the performance, and the overall appeal of the Sportage, and it soon became apparent that there ain't no way the Toyota Rav-4 can possibly be worth the $4,000 to $5,000 more it costs than a comparable Kia Sportage! And the frosting on the cake is the super gas mileage we get with the 4-cyl. engine with manual transmission. Way to go Kia!
Roomy, comfortable interior, abundant standard features not expected on an economy car, excellent ride and handling characteristics, the fold up rear window and rear door, and the versatility of the vehicle in general.
I have always been a Toyota guy but when looking to trade out of my aging Toyota 4Runner I thought I owed it to myself to do a little research. At every turn I ended up right back on Kia?s door step. With a lot of reluctance I decided to give the Sportage a test drive. That?s all it took. The ride and handling of this vehicle coupled with the overall price and warranty (standard mind you) and a resale value that now stood up to the big dogs it was a no brainer. I would have to say to Kia , keep up the great work! Your hard work and attention to quality and detail is now starting to get the recognition it deserves
This is a go anywhere vehicle with surprisingly roomy interior space and the drive and handling you would expect from a sports car.
I was reluctant to consider KIA as a car that I would purchase. I went to the dealership by chance. Only to be sold on the beautiful looks of the Royal Jade Green Sportage. It looks comparable to the other SUVs in its class but a lot more affordable with the cost of fuel these days. It is surprisingly roomy and had most of the features I wanted in a vehicle in regards to safety for the family. I have 3 girls, 2 of which are teenagers and one in a car seat, and I was very surprised to see that my kids fit well in the back seat with no complaining. I think that it has more interior room than my 2007 Dodge Ram quad cab. I would highly recommend the KIA, as they have come a long way. Love it!
I love the fold flat seats, including the front passenger seat and how they are covered with plastic. I love how it corners and handles likt a sports car. I love all the standard options. I have the LX 2.0 4 cyl version and it is perfect for a get around town car. 
