Seriously....This is a sick jeep...it amazes me in every way...i traded in a tahoe on "22's...the power in the SRT is outstanding and fun to drive every day....I've had mine about 5 months and I've put 12,000 miles on it...
420 hp...need i say more
I am reasonably satisfied with my new jeep. I live on a gravel road that does not always get cleared in the winter and wanted a replacement for my Tahoe (awesome in the snow) yet not so big. 
The 5.7 liter motor is a beast in power and thirst. The quality of the leather seats is outstanding. As far as I am aware Chrysler is the only manufacturer offering the built in hard drive. I have loaded at least 20 CD's into it - awesome.
This is my 3rd GC. I've owned a 05/07 and now an 09. Why do I keep buying them? I love the look, comfort and drivability. I truly can afford any SUV I want, but I'm frugal. When you take the discounts into account this is one of the most affordable SUVs on the market today. I literally purchased the 4 WD Laredo with the W option package for under $25K (sticker was over $36K). Couple the price with the outstanding service department which is only 2 miles from my house and you have a pretty good combination. Many folks are put off by the high sticker price and may not even consider the GC. The base model competes well with the smaller cars and is a much nicer SUV.
Leather, sun roof, heated seats, boston acoustics sound system.
I recently purchased a JGC Laredo 4WD. I traded in my Audi for the Jeep and I must say that I was very surprised. This Jeep was awesome. The drive was smoother than any CAR I've had so far. Very impressive. My only recommendation is to buy the 4.7 V8 or bigger. The 3.7 is a bit weak. However, it has enough power. But what a great surprise for my 1st SUV! So far so good! 
Smooth ride, very comfortable interior
owned a 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee. Just bought the 2009 Grand Cherokee. Ride is awesome. 
sunroof, satellite radio, hands free U-Connect bluetooth Phone system
We bought two Jeep Grand Cherokee Limiteds. We have put 12000 on both of them and so far not one problem. Very comfortable. One has the Hemo and the other has the 3.7 six. We have had 7 previous Jeeps and these are the best. 
Stereo, nav system
Just purchased a Limited with 5.7 V8 Hemi engine. The engine is powerful and provides excellent acceleration. This is my first Jeep ever. My wife and I are happy with the car so far. The build material is decent for an American car, but not as good as other cars we considered (BMW X3, Audi Q5). We decided on the Grand Cherokee because we got a decent deal after the Chrysler rebates and dealer incentives. The major downside is the gas mileage, which has been dismal (for the first tank of gas). But we are weekend drivers so hopefully this is not a major issue.
V8 Hemi engine. Solid ride quality. Decent handling for a Jeep. Good value.
I have only ever driven GM vehicles. I decided I wanted to upgrade to a SUV. I had done a lot of research online and had narrowed my choice to a Jeep Grand Cherokee or a Ford Edge. I had actually decided on the Edge. After the deal fell through, I took another look at the jeep. The dealer allowed me to take it over Memorial Day weekend and by Monday I was sold. I love the way it handles, the security and peace of mind. Mine came with the touch screen radio and my gig. I got the Rockie MT Package and it has everything I wanted. Take another look at Jeep!!
My Gig, Uconnect, Ride and handling
I recently purchased a 2009 GC Limited with the 4.7. Given the purchase incentives, my love of Jeeps and the versatility of this vehicle, I am very satisfied with the purchase. I'm from a Northern climate, and appreciate the Quadra Trac and all weather handling of this vehicle. I plan on driving Jeeps for the remainder of my driving "career?!!
Versatility, from weekend projects to weekend trips,it handles both well !!
Traded in my dearly loved Hemi sedan for the new Jeep with the Hemi and HID lighting. The sedan was exciting but after crawling into this new Jeep I felt I was back with my go anywhere and do anything vehicle. We are an all Jeep family now and this new Grand Cherokee is by far the best of the 9 Jeeps I have previously owned.
New Hemi with VVT and improved MDS makes for easy driving. Handling and ride are both exceptional for a multi purpose vehicle. 
I traded in my Mercedes for this beauty and I have no regrets. That says a lot because I really loved the Mercedes. This truck is sporty and classy combined. It's no soccer mom mobile guaranteed! More than enough horsepower, lot's of room and very comfortable to drive. Gas mileage? I didn't buy it for the gas mileage. 
We bought the truck fully loaded so it's hard to pick one thing so I'll just pick the obvious....HP!!!!
I have driven a Jeep Grand Cherokee since 1996. Just purchased my fifth! I simply can not find a finer vehicle. The current Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited Hemi (V8 package fully loaded) combines the finest in luxury, handling, and towing that I have found in any vehicle. I am a physician and need complete reliability in all seasons. I use this vehicle hard in my profession and for sport. My Jeep has never let me down.The current 2009 is the finest vehicle I have ever driven. Please do compare to any SUV, but truly for luxury, there is no comparison.Packed with GPS/NAV, Siruis Radio/TV, and the Boston Audio my family is constantly entertained. An amazing auto, period. Afford it? Buy it.
Drive Train superior/Handling is the best in SUV class. EPS/Quadra Drive II exceeds anything I've test driven. SunRoof, cargo bay, roof rack, tow package pulls like a workhorse. Full electr package w/DVD, 30Gig HD! Navtech-awesome. Driver seat huge for a tall,"big,"guy.Back-up camera, awesome video.
I have driven a Jeep Grand Cherokee since 1996. Just purchased my fifth! I simply can not find a finer vehicle. The current Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited Hemi (V8 package fully loaded) combines the finest in luxury, handling, and towing that I have found in any vehicle. I am a physician and need complete reliability in all seasons. I use this vehicle hard in my profession and for sport. My Jeep has never let me down.The current 2009 is the finest vehicle I have ever driven. Please do compare to any SUV, but truly for luxury, there is no comparison.Packed with GPS/NAV, Siruis Radio/TV, and the Boston Audio my family is constantly entertained. An amazing auto, period. Afford it? Buy it.
Drive Train superior/Handling is the best in SUV class. EPS/Quadra Drive II exceeds anything I've test driven. SunRoof, cargo bay, roof rack, tow package pulls like a workhorse. Full electr package w/DVD, 30Gig HD! Navtech-awesome. Driver seat huge for a tall,"big,"guy.Back-up camera, awesome video.
This is the best Grand Cherokee ever. It had all the features I was looking for voice activated Nav/phone, backup camera, HID lights, remote start, 1 free year of sirius sat radio, ipod connection and HDD to store all of your own music, no more carrying around cd's. Oh did I mention the 357hp Hemi. The ride is what really sold me, it is so Smooth, easy and very very quiet. I hate cars that have rattles. I researched RX 350, X5, MDX with similar build and features I would have spent $20,000 more. With employee pricing, rebates, incentives and auto show cash. I saved $10,000 plus zero percent for 48 months. 
Hemi engine, Remote Start, HID's with self leveling, Nav, Sirius radio, voice activation, HDD music storage, backup camera and sensors, auto rain sensing wipers. 
Fantastic vehicle with a comfortable and quiet ride. This Jeep also handles great and so far I've been getting 15 mpg in town and 21 mpg on the highway
Love the looks, the ride, the comfortable seats and the great sound system - pretty much everything
We have enjoyed the Jeep GC Limited diesel. Outstanding power with great mileage per gallon. Could not ask for more bang for the buck than this new 2007 Jeep. Fit and finish excellent. You need a category for the diesel!
Diesel engine, comfort, fuel economy, road manners.
My wife and I test drove a couple suv's recently. 2009 Honda Pilot, and 2009 Jeep Grand Cherokee. Had my mind set on the Honda until i drove the Jeep Grand Cherokee. I was very surprised on how well the Jeep drove. Very quiet, nice ride, smooth transmission, handled well, life-time power train warranty, and way better bang for your buck. Honda wanted $10k more for a little bigger vehicle;(2.9 inches longer). No contest, the 2009 Jeep Grand Cherokee is a way better buy. My wife and i are completely satisfied. For a midsize suv I would recommend the 2009 Jeep Grand Cherokee over any midsize suv.
Smooth and quiet ride. Great handling. Boston Acoustics sound system. Comfortable leather seats. Really eveything about the vehicle.
Just bought the Overland version of the Cherokee with the Hemi. Feels like a sports car off the dime. Nice throaty roar. Love the features such as nav/multi function radio....and IPOD connection. Can upload CD or IPOD tunes to memory. Nav easy to use. Love the automatic high beam dimmer...goes to low beam when other cars appear. Very, very solid road handling...and interior very snug and comfortable. Can't wait to take this baby on a road trip. All in all...I am delighted with this vehicle so far.
5.7 L Hemi provides acceleration out of the box. Best looking SUV on the market in my mind...the Overland has nice chrome trim that is not too garish. Love the back up camera and warning system. Instrument panel very clear and easy to access
I have owned 6 new vehicles in the past. This is only the second one (the other was a volvo) that I really enjoy driving. It is quiet, comfortable, controls where they should be. When I push the gas pedal I get a smooth effortless increase in speed. The sound system is great, the nav system could be easier to set, but the screen is easy to see and it works fine. I had thought of buying a BMW or Lexus, but in test driving I thought I was getting more SUV for the money with the Jeep. I really like it and am glad I bought it.
Very smooth shifting and acceleration! Sound system great Very sound (no rattles) and quiet. 
What can I say - just awesome! I just came from a F-150 Laredo and it's night & day. I would have to say the one thing that jumps out at me is the build quality & raw power.
Boston Acoustics Premium Sound system rocks, My GIG and Navigation system.
